1. What Copilot generated
I asked Copilot to generate each function one at a time to avoid everything from collapsing. It generated simple functions for each step at first, but it said that the CSV had whitespaces embedded into it. This made it write very confusing code, but it fixed the functions that were not working. Copilot likes to use basic commands in each function like .strip() or .fillna(). Once things get complicated, it modifies the code until it works. I prompted Copilot by simply typing in what I needed into the box, with some partial code. I did not use comments to prompt the AI.
2. What you modified
I did not change that much code because what Copilot gave me worked. I only changed certain lines of code, such as print functions because Copilot was struggling with that. I also had to modify the csv_file_path variable in order to make it work with the file from Canvas. I had to modify code from Copilot because it does not understand the context that I have for coding assignments.
3. What you learend
I learned that Copilot is really good at coding functions if you ask in small chunks. At the start, I asked Copilot to do everything at once, and the code came out broken and messy. Once I told it to do each function one by one, it got much better and wrote code that worked. Copilot is also limited on the context of the assignment, and it makes up variables or function names that I do not like. Other than that, it is really good at fixing errors and getting the basis of the code written.